You're late. What happened?
There were difficulties.
-Mist, Livewire and--
-I know this part.
-Skip to the--
-You want to tell it?
Mist, Livewire and Shade
made their move tonight
on STAR labs, Detroit.
What's he waiting for?
SHADE: Oh, I'm finding
the darkness within.
-(ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
-(SCREAMING)
(CHUCKLES) Two points.
Didn't think
I'd actually score
on this mission.
-This is it.
-SHADE: The photo
didn't indicate scale.
It's larger than
I was led to believe.
I thought size
doesn't matter.
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTS)
-(ALARM BLARING)
-We're out of time.
(SIGHS) That's a lot
to swallow.
(CHUCKLES SLIGHTLY)
You got to stop handing me
these straight lines.
Just need a minute.
-We don't have
a minute.
-MAN: Freeze!
Do not move!
(MAN GROANS)
SHADE: You're here.
-You're my team,
I watch your back--
-(GUNSHOT)
(CHESHIRE GROANS)
(ALARMS CONTINUE BLARING)
(SIRENS WAILING AT A DISTANCE)
(GROANS GROGGILY)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
JEFF: Maybe I made
the wrong decision...
Quittin' when I did.
Right when the league
was splittin' in half,
I left Kaldur understaffed
and Virgil in the lurch.
(SIGHS) Maybe I need
to go back.
-Best pillow-talk ever.
-(CHUCKLES)
Sorry, it's, um...
-It's been a while.
-(CHUCKLES)
I'm teasing, Jeff.
The bottom line is
you left for a reason.
Has anything
really changed?
No.
The League used to be
about helping people. Period.
Now it's all politics.
And Bats,
he's still playing
CEO of Batman Inc.
-I'm better off
freelancing with--
-(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Ah, speak of the devil.
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Recognized.
Pierce, Jefferson.
G 01.
Good. We're all here.
All? Where's Conner?
Mending fences
with Megan.
Didn't know
their fence
was broken.
No, it's not
so much broken as
left unattended
for too long.
Ah, right.
Lynn and I had
fence problems...
Before the divorce.
Must we maintain
the "fence" metaphor
or can we find out
why we've all
been summoned?
Okay. I need you
to maintain your cool.
We've located someone
who might have some intel
on the League of Shadows.
Meaning we'll
finally find my sister?
That's wonderful.
Not so wonderful.
The intel would be
from my sister.
Lian's mother?
That's great.
Not so great.
She may not be
very cooperative.
Not very cooperative?
That's excellent.
Not so excellent?
ALL: No.
Forager is good
at this game.
Our understanding is
she's wounded,
a cornered animal.
That makes her dangerous.
Are we going or not?
DR. MOON: (CHUCKLES)
You know, Cheshire,
most of my patients
prefer to be sedated
while under the knife
to remove a bullet.
One would almost believe
you don't trust
your physician.
(SLIGHT GROAN)
And one would be right.
But don't take it
personally, Dr. Moon.
I don't even trust myself.
SHADE:Cheshire,
we have company.
Keep them busy.
Time to go, Doctor.
She's not going anywhere.
(GROANING)
LIVEWIRE: So you're
Black Lightning.
Heard you quit
the Justice League.
(SCOFFS) Must've known
you were obsolete.
(GASPS)
Wearing yourself out?
It's a two-way street, kid.
I can't touch you,
but you can't--
(GROANS)
(CHOKING)
Sorry. Really don't want
to do this.
(STRAINING)
Forager! (GROANS)
Halo!
(GROANING)
(GROWLS)
(GASPS)
Sorry. Really sorry.
(STRAINING)
Ow! That hurts.
Go head, zap me!
Absorbing lightning's
totally my thing.
You've never had
Black Lightning before.
(SCREAMS)
Geo-Force, return him now.
Hmm, no.
I think we'll just
keep him bottled
for a while,
or forever.
Bring him back!
You have to bring him back!
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(STRAINING)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPING)
-Are you all right?
-I'm...
Fine.
What happened?
Halo happened.
(DOOR OPENS)
Get out of here!
You have no right--
-(DR. MOON GROANS)
-Oh.
It seems the doctor is out.
(SIGHS) I'm glad
you're alive.
But I have two questions
and one statement.
Who is running
the League of Shadows now?
And from where?
(GROANS SLIGHTLY)
You know I have no loyalty
to the Shadows.
But I honestly don't know
who's running them.
I do know
they're being run
out of Santa Prisca.
Happy?
Ecstatic.
How's...
How's Lian?
Oh. Well, that brings me
to my statement.
Go see your kid!
Come on, sis.
We both know
she's better off
without me.
-(GROANS SLIGHTLY)
-You're her mother.
But I'll always be...
Cheshire first.
See you later, sis.
Hug...
Hug Lian for me.
(SIGHS)
Nightwing, Cheshire
and Shade escaped.
But, I have Dr. Moon,
and the League
of Shadows' intel.
(SIRENS WAILING AT A DISTANCE)
You're late. Report.
(STUTTERS) Right. So,
per your orders,
and since his release
from Arkham six months ago
I've been keeping
occasional tabs
on Jervis Tetch,
aka The Mad Hatter.
Two weeks ago,
I brought along my squad.
Spoiler, Arrowette and Orphan.
SPOILER: That's Tetch?
For a Mad Hatter,
he's kind of, well, hatless.
No hats.
It's a condition
of his parole.
Hmm. Good thing
he's not called
The Mad Pantser.
SPOILER: He's heading
for his night job,
right on schedule.
-Although...
-The water?
-Yeah.
-Uh, water?
ROBIN: He's drinking
a lot of it.
-And awfully fast.
-(CHUGGING)
So, do we
bust him
for littering?
Hmm. Clay backwash.
Ugh. Gross.
-So, you're thinking--
-Yeah, it's possible anyway.
We need to find
a way to check. Wait.
Where's Orphan?
(CLAYFACE GROWLING)
Did you know Tetch
was really Clayface,
or just not care?
You're gonna regret that, kid.
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
Is Clayface
an ally of Tetch's?
They're not buddies.
Which means
Tetch is probably
controlling him.
SPOILER: Doesn't matter.
We know where Tetch is,
so forget Clayface.
Let's go get Hatter!
(GROWLING)
We don't know
where Tetch is.
But Clayface clearly does,
and I tossed
a liquid tracker
on him.
ROBIN: Nice.
Now, this won't
hurt a bit,
or it may be agonizing.
Hard to say.
(LAUGHS WICKEDLY)
(GROANS)
(BEEPING)
Now, let's test it,
shall we?
Raise your right hand.
Very good. Very good.
But too easy.
Punch yourself.
Hard!
(STRAINING)
-(GROANS)
-(LAUGHS WICKEDLY)
Oh, what are you doing here?
I had to protect you.
From what?
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh!
Yes! Yes! Clayface,
protect me!
-Shield me!
-(CLAYFACE GROWLS)
You, time to go.
Follow, follow, follow.
(CLAYFACE GROWLING)
SPOILER:
What is this place?
What's Tetch up to?
I'll find out.
Arrowette, Orphan,
run interference
with Clayface.
Spoiler, go after Hatter.
(BEEPS)
(WHISPERING)
Self-destruct button.
(LOUDLY) Well, what part
of Mad Hatter didn't you get?
Now, follow,
follow, follow.
(GROWLING)
(GROANING)
That hurt!
(GRUNTS)
(BEEPING)
Everyone, out of
the building! Now!
I lost Tetch
and whoever
he was running with!
Worry later!
Get out now!
You too, Hagen!
The building's
going to explode.
Must protect Hatter!
(BEEPING RAPIDLY)
Clayface...
He didn't make it.
I think he'll be fine,
and really angry
at Jervis Tetch.
(SIRENS WAILING AT A DISTANCE)
She is late.
She's calling
from half-way
across the galaxy,
give her a minute.
Sorry, I'm late.
Had to bounce a signal
from the Javelin
to the Watchtower to you.
-Break it down
for me.
-Of course.
It began
several weeks ago.
Two meta-prisoners
were loaded on a transport
to take them to
a secured flight
to Belle Reve.
GUARD: Have I mentioned
that I love this gig?
'Cause I really
love this gig.
Kid, when
you've been at this
as long as I have,
what you'll love
is just getting
through the day.
GUARD: Oh, come on.
We're putting bad guys
where they belong.
I mean, you can't
tell me part of you
doesn't love this gig.
All right. Sure.
Part of me loves this gig--
Okay. Yeah,
I totally love this gig.
(DISTORTED) Look out!
How terrific.
A hockey puck, really?
Really.
(BOTH GROANING)
Kadabra, anytime!
Kind of a rocky ride.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Now that's more like it.
Now, gentlemen,
let's be off. Time is
not on our side.
WOMAN: Neither are we!
No! No! No!
(GROWLS)
Please, keep punching.
Kadabra!
(GROANING)
Yes. Yes. Fear not...
(YELPS)
(GROANS)
Better get
while the getting's good.
Oh, no, you don't.
Oh, yeah,
they did.
Oh, man. I got
the worst luck.
Trust me.
You have no idea
just how lucky you are.
(SIRENS APPROACHING)
We held on to Brick
and captured
Abra Kadabra, but--
BATMAN:
But Sportsmaster got away
with the other prisoner.
Still, over the last few weeks
we've managed to cripple
the Branchwater chain
of meta-human traffickers.
Branchwater?
A so-called
security firm
owned by series
of shell companies
that trace back
to Stagg Industries
and its
majority shareholder,
Simon Stagg.
Branchwater uses
different methods,
but is easily
as bad as Bedlam.
It's basically
a meta-crime
covert ops unit
that Stagg used
for corporate espionage.
Or corporate warfare.
Diana, we had identified
three links in
the Branchwater chain,
acquisition, coercion
and utilization.
Link one, acquisition.
Instead of creating
new meta-humans
as Bedlam did,
Sportsmaster liberated
existing metas
from prisons
and transports.
Clayface, Livewire
and Mist,
had all been taken
while en route
to Belle Reve.
Link two, coercion.
Instead of Bedlam's
control chips
Branchwater had
Mad Hatter inject
its newly
liberated convicts
with nanotech
that forced them to follow
Branchwater's commands.
Okay, yeah,
they're criminals.
But they're criminals
being victimized by Stagg.
Clayface, Livewire and Mist
were all discovered
to have Hatter's nanotech
in their systems.
Which would've been
Brick's fate had he
also been liberated.
Finally, link three,
utilization.
Cheshire ran missions
for Branchwater
using the controlled metas
for whatever
Stagg wanted
or needed.
Cheshire, working
with Sportsmaster?
I thought she
hated her father.
It's unclear
if either knew
both were employed
by the same organization.
So the end result?
Well, for starters,
no one's being
coerced anymore.
I found one of
Hatter's control devices
before his place blew up.
Clayface,
I forever release you
from all external
mental control
of your actions.
(SIGHS WEARILY)
Thanks, kid.
I used the same device
to release Livewire and Mist
after Nightwing's group
left the Detroit airfield.
Clayface, Kadabra,
Brick and Moon
are now in
Belle Reve cells.
And Mist
and Livewire?
They are minors,
not hardened criminals.
We believe
they are salvageable,
and are seeking
another solution
for them both.
And what about
this Stagg?
Conner and I
took care of him.
We busted him
for receiving
stolen property.
The Reach device
Cheshire's group
took from STAR.
What does this
Reach device do?
Why did Stagg want it?
That's unclear.
It was salvaged
from a Reach warship
downed during
the battle against
the Warworld.
Blue Beetle had
previously translated
the Reach text
on the side
of the machine,
and all it says is,
"Meta-human fail-safe."
We believe Stagg
had grown paranoid.
Because he was using
metas against others,
he feared
someone else might use
metas against him.
He thought the machine
would protect him against
the "scary meta-world"
he himself was
helping to create.
And it cost him,
because I
anonymously
forwarded
the evidence
we gathered
to the authorities.
And right about now...
Nice timing.
And where's
the Reach device currently?
En route back to Dr. Stone
at STAR labs, Detroit.
And I'm sure
he'll be able to figure out
-its true purpose safely.
-(ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
Right now,
I'm more concerned
about Branchwater's
most recent acquisition.
Shade.
Sportsmaster liberated him.
Turning him over to Hatter for
a nanotech control injection,
so that he wound up
as Cheshire's
mind-controlled stooge.
Which means
he's still subject
to her manipulations.
Cheshire's not about
to free him...
Without significant incentive.
But at least Stagg,
who was responsible
for turning him
into a living puppet,
is no longer
pulling Shade's strings.
(GASPS)
So this is a win?
Largely. What troubles you?
This.
All of this.
Between the seven of us,
we're coordinating
six teams of heroes.
None of whom know
we're working together.
It's what we all
agreed to, Diana.
Taking a page
from the Light's
own playbook,
to fight
fire with fire.
We're kind of,
the anti-Light.
And that's
a good thing?
The opposite
of light is darkness.
Is that what we represent?
Um, maybe that was
a poor choice of words.
Or maybe it wasn't.
I don't like keeping
the other members
of the League in the dark.
Worst-case scenario,
they need real deniability.
Do you expect Superman
to lie under oath?
Do you expect me to?
If it comes
to that.
As a princess
of Themyscira,
I expect you to use
your diplomatic status
to avoid taking
the stand at all.
And the rest of you?
Are you all
prepared to lie?
(SIRENS WAILING AT A DISTANCE)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)